Docs: Update merge-homebrew docs to reflect the current merge practices (#110)
Linuxbrew/homebrew-developer: docs/merge-homebrew-core.md

brew merge-homebrew --core
```

> This is usually undesireable since our build servers will time out. Instead, attempt to only merge 8-10 modified formulae.

Reviewer: Since you're on this...

1. Could you please clarify what "This" in the first sentence refers to? (e.g., Running the above command).
2. Is it really "usually" undesireable or "might be" undesireable? 
3. "will time out" -> "can time out if .... (this merge updates a lot of formulae)"

Author: ```suggestion
Merging all the changes from upstream in one go is usually undesireable since our build servers will time out. Instead, attempt to only merge 8-10 modified formulae.
```

> `git log --oneline master..homebrew/master` will show a list of all the upstream commits since the last merge, from oldest to newest.

Reviewer: It might be good to show a sample output of more than 8-10 formulae here. You then will be able to quickly refer to a specific "commit" to say something like "commits younger than `abc123f4` (`abcd123` and above) would result in a humongous merge" :)

> Select a commit sha that covers about 8-10 formulae. Once you're satisfied with the list of updated formulae, begin the merge:

Reviewer: The language of the first sentence is not precise (`commit that covers about 8-10 formulae`). I'm on the fence whether we should update it but it might be misunderstood without the context.

Author: ```suggestion
Pick a commit sha that will merge between 8-10 formulae (16-20 commits including bottles). Once you're satisfied with the list of updated formulae, begin the merge:
```

```bash

> brew merge-homebrew --core --skip-style <new_sha1>

Reviewer: why do you add `--skip-style`? I think it would be better to keep current instructions and add a note about `--skip-style` explaining when one would want to use it.

Author: We usually fix style issues in the bottle PRs themselves. It's easier to track, and I'd imagine there's less chance of distraction than many manual steps before completing a merge. Also this was the way @iMichka taught me so I've stuck with it.

Reviewer: because you remove the portion of the text above, `<new_sha1>` loses its context... perhaps, rename it to `sha1` and explain what this is...

Reviewer: If `--skip-style` is the preferred way of using `merge-homebrew`, then I suggest we make it the default and change `--skip-style` to `--check-style` (or something similar)...

Author: Agreed. I'll do that in a separate PR.

This is usually undesireable since our build servers will time out. Instead attempt to only merge 8-10 modified formulae.

> Instead, `git log --oneline master..homebrew/master` will show a list of all the upstream commits since the last merge, from oldest to newest.

Reviewer 2: Maybe just remove the instead here, we are already using instead in the sentence just above.

> Pick a commit ID that will span 8-10 formulae. Confirm the list of changes with:

Reviewer 2: I never do that step. If I copied the right sha1, I know what I am doing and do not need to confirm this. Maybe remove this step completely?

Author: Ah, I removed the lines about finding the most recent merged merge commit, though. I’ll think about how to add them back.

For such conflicts, simply remove the "HEAD" (Linuxbrew's) part of the conflict along with `<<<<<<< HEAD`, `=======`, and `>>>>>>> homebrew/master` lines. Later, we will submit a request to rebuild bottles for Linuxbrew for such formulae.

> The `merge-homebrew` script will stage resolved conflicts for you.

Reviewer: I haven't looked at `merge-homebrew` in a while... but... how can it stage (resolved) conflicts that a maintainer resolved manually after executing `merge-homebrew`? Unless it resolves conflicts

Author: 🐇 🎩  This is where a screencast would come in handy.

## Submitting a PR

The `merge-homebrew` command will create a pull-request for you, using `hub`.

Please add one or two Linuxbrew developers to check the PR.

Once the PR successfully passes the tests and/or is approved by other Linuxbrew developers, you can finalize the merge with:

```bash
brew pull --clean <PR-NUMBER>
git push origin master
```

The merge is now complete. Don't forget to update your GitHub fork by running `git push your-fork master`

# Creating PRs to build bottles for conflicting formulae

> Now, create PRs to build bottles for formulae that encountered a conflict. A fast way to do this is to use `brew find-formulae-to-bottle` and a for loop in your shell:

Reviewer: `for` loop

```bash
for i in $(brew find-formulae-to-bottle); do

>   brew bump-formula-pr $i

Reviewer: I think `--no-browse` might be helpful here.

Author: Looks like that's the default. The only browse option is `--browse`.

Reviewer: I'm confused...

```sh
$ brew bump-formula-pr --help | grep browse
        --no-browse                  Print the pull request URL instead of
                                     opening in a browser.
```

Author: This is `build-bottle-pr`, not `bump-formula-pr`-- OH, I DID THE WRONG THING. :woman_facepalming:

Author: This won't be the last time I make that mistake. Well spotted, thanks! :sweat:
